Added appropriate error message for a JSOC search when Notify isn't passed (#4950)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4950.bugfix.rst

> Error message in `Fido.fetch` when `Notify` is missing is now specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved error message from :meth:`sunpy.net.Fido.fetch` when no email has been supplied for JSOC data.
```
Maybe?
